Fixes #18427: USEMETHODREPORTING in metadata documentation is missing (#796)
Normation/rudder-doc: src/reference/modules/reference/pages/techniques.adoc

NOTE: `INPUT` fields are automatically escaped, meaning any quote will be written in the policies as \" ; and any backslash will be written as \\

=== Report keys in the <SECTION> tags

> The REPORTKEYS element help detecting the proper reporting key based when it cannot be know in advance. The key can ocntant variables that will be matched based on a regex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The REPORTKEYS element helps detecting the proper reporting key when it cannot be known in advance. The key can contain variables that will be matched based on a regex.
```

Author: erf
